Hold the door for a stranger.
Smile at three people in the hallway.
Teach someone an interesting fact.
Message someone you haven't talked to in a while.
Play with a pet - it's good for both of you!
Tell someone how much they mean to you.
Write an inspirational message for a stranger to find.
Let someone merge in front of you in traffic.
Be patient with someone who has been frustrating you - you don't know what's going on in their life.
Pick up a piece of trash that you see lying around.
Ask a friend if they're alright.
Thank your cashier or waiter.
Pay someone a compliment.
Do something for yourself. Sometimes, you need to recharge your own batteries before you can help others.
Find a corny joke, and share it with someone. The goofier the better!
Contribute back to this list. Check this bot's profile information for Mastodon accounts, email addresses, and source code.
Call out someone who's being rude or mean.
Send a letter to a friend.
Find a picture of a cute animal and send it to someone who's been having a rough day.
Donate a book you've read to your local library.
Pay for someone behind you in the drive through.
Write a nice note on your next restaurant check.
Make something for someone.
Tape a couple of dollars to a vending machine.
Exchange recipes with a friend.
Bring in food for your coworkers.
Leave a big tip.
Thank a teacher who had an impact on your life.
Post a positive message on social media.
Ask someone how you can help them.
Buy from a local business.
Visit a local museum.
Contribute to a project that you use - even filing an issue can be helpful.
Answer questions for people online.
Ask someone about their day, and actively listen.
Write a nice note for someone's birthday.
Visit your local park.
Turn off lights that you aren't using.
Unplug something you're not currently using.
Come up with an idea to cut your electricity usage.
Come up with an idea to cut your water usage.
Make someone feel welcome.
Repair something.
Apologize to someone.
Leave a nice note in a library book.
Try a thrift shop for your next purchase.
Offer to pet sit for someone.
Offer to house sit for someone.
Watch a documentary to learn about an important social or environmental issue.
Safely dispose of unneeded prescription medicine.
Safely dispose of used batteries.
Try to borrow something instead of buying it.
Study another language.
Contribute to the More Love Letters project.
Learn the recycling rules for where you live.
Find a new home for something you don't use anymore.
Invite someone to do a good deed with you.
Donate to a food kitchen.
Learn about a plant or animal that's in your area.
Offer to help someone with a chore.
Put a stray shopping cart back where it belongs.
Turn the thermostat up or down a couple of degrees.
Let someone practice an important conversation or presentation with you.
Unsubscribe from a piece of junk mail.
Give positive feedback to someone's manager.
Bring a reusable bag to the store.
Attend a community event.
Pack a lunch using only reusable containers.
Look for a farmer's market near you.
Make a toy or treat for a pet.
Leave some quarters at a laundromat.
Refill a communial stash of candy.
